feat(explorer): bundled transactions support (#3313)
latticexyz/mud: .changeset/funny-peas-care.md

---
"@latticexyz/explorer": patch
---

> The Explorer now supports bundled transactions, monitoring them by either listening to chain blocks or using the `observer` transport wrapper. Each user operation within a bundled transaction is displayed as an individual transaction in the Observe tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for ERC-4337 bundled transactions, monitoring them by either listening to chain blocks or using the `observer` transport wrapper. Each user operation within a bundled transaction is displayed as an individual transaction in the Observe tab.
```
